Today, you can see on the street that many people do not distinguish the look of their mobile devices. Smartphones are still an essential part of society, helping us perform everyday tasks through the various available applications. They are a powerful tool for work and studies because they can be connected to the Internet anywhere. However, it is necessary to analyze how its regular use affects young people.
Advances in technology result from constant searching to simplify one’s life. They are in different places. From a medical standpoint, with the development of new chips placed under the skin, they will retain several doses of a particular drug until weapons of war are built. We realize, then, that technology can be used in many ways, depending on how people use it.
In the case of mobile devices, this also applies. Each year, new terminals are introduced that offer new features that appeal to users, such as state-of-the-art cameras or processors that can re-create a shot in three levels. Jobs are undoubtedly interesting, but they are not always recommended for most young people, who only use their equipment for recreational purposes.
Today’s youth are accustomed to the speed of information, ignoring information in the medium and long term. They think that since everything is so close, it is not necessary to engage in any academic or artistic activity. Also, they are very aware of virus styles from pages like Instagram, Facebook, or YouTube.
On the other hand, they often prefer to build relationships on social media instead of real life. This dramatically affects their ability to meet people. In addition, if you look at the way you communicate using messages or chats, either on the same platforms or on programs like WhatsApp, you will find the shocking reality. They destroy the language and use paganism or so-called “emotional” images.
Like all other technologies, smartphones and tablets are very useful in everyday life, but it depends on the individual how they will be used and how it will affect them. In the case of young people, this is very important. They should realize that they have a tool of infinite power in their hands, through which they can constantly learn and acquire knowledge, but without neglecting reality or human relationships. They should also prevent their communication ability from diminishing by repeating inappropriate language.